Sexual impropriety comes in lots of forms in the military. One of the
things could be the way that we talk. So, in the military, there aren't,
you know, at least in the United States Navy, there isn't a good
gender balance, I think, from what I understand, it's maybe three
girls to seven guys, maybe even less than that on an aircraft carrier.
So, there can be some cat calls, there can be some kind of playful,
you know, communication in the work center which, you know, should
not be allowed but obviously, it does. It doesn't get too out of hand
but, well, when it does, we call people out on it. Some things could
be when I see some of my shipmates post pictures on their wall.
So, it can come from, like, Magazine or Maxim or even Playboy in some
cases and it's posted up on the wall and then after a few days, you,
kind of, like, see it like, "Hey, what's that? You know, you have
to take it off." Or, you could be out in port, let's say you're in
a foreign port and you're drinking with your friends and some person
comes over, it could be a guy or girl and, you know, there could be
some kind of grabbing or some kind of, like, improper touching. I've
seen it, very often and you have to call it for what it is and some
people get kicked out of the military. I knew that there is, when
I was on the reserves, I heard about this guy. He had been in for,
like, twenty years or maybe longer than that and he actually grabbed
a female by her rear and she called out on that and he had to quit
his career and he actually had to leave without getting into retirement.
So, things like that happen and it's unfortunate but, if you happen
to join the military, just make sure that you keep your mouth where
it needs to be and your hands where they need and you shouldn't
have too many problems.